---
path: /policies/privacy/
title: Privacy Policy
---

*Effective date: October 5, 2020*

Statically (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the statically.io website (hereinafter referred to as the “Service”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from https://statically.io.

## Definitions

- Service: refers to the Website.
- Personal Data: personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
- Usage Data: usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- Cookies: cookies are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).
- Data Controller: data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
- Data Processors (or Service Providers): data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
- Data Subject (or User): data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.

## Information Collection And Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Non-personally identifiable personal data for usage

### Usage Data

We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

### Tracking & Cookies Data

We do not use cookies and store data by using multiple, unrelated complex hashes to track visits to our site and pages on it. You can read about how we collect data here.

## Use of Data

Statically uses the collected data for various purposes:

- To provide and maintain the Service
- To notify you about changes to our Service
- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
- To provide customer care and support
- To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
- To monitor the usage of the Service
- To detect, prevent and address technical issues
- To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

Where we have your consent, we may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or the instructions provided in any email we send.

## Retention of Data

We will retain your personal information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

## Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside Indonesia and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Indonesia and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Statically will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circumstances, Statically may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Legal Requirements

Statically may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- To comply with a legal obligation
- To protect and defend the rights or property of Statically
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
- To protect against legal liability

### Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Information Regarding Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your personal information.

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy, depends on the information we collect and the specific context in which we collect it. We may process your personal information because:

- We need to perform a contract with you, such as when you create a Policy with us
- You have given us permission to do so
- The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
- For payment processing purposes
- To comply with the law

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

- The right to access, update or to delete the personal information we have on you
- The right of rectification
- The right to object
- The right of restriction
- The right to data portability
- The right to withdraw consent

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### CDN (Content Delivery Network)

We use third-party Service Providers to serve all of our traffic under the domain cdn.statically.io. This means all of these providers have access to your IP address and other information sent by your web browser. This information is used for analytics and security purposes. Neither we nor our providers track any individual user.

- Cloudflare
  For more information on the privacy practices of Cloudflare, please visit the following web page: https://www.cloudflare.com/security-policy/

- Fastly
  For more information on the privacy practices of Fastly, please visit the following web page: https://www.fastly.com/privacy

- BunnyCDN
  For more information on the privacy practices of BunnyCDN, please visit the following web page: https://www.bunnycdn.com/privacy

## Links To Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children’s Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

- By visiting our [contact page](/contact/).
